2. [SOUND] So CP can, CP can also be used for copying the contents of directories. So suppose you want to move one directory into another directory, you can do that but you need to use the dash R flag. So the dash R is a flag that stands for recursive. And so if you have the line CP. Dash R, so that's CP with a flag dash R, documents to more documents, it will copy the entire folder, or the entire directory documents into a new directory called more documents. So for example, what we can do here is we can use MKDIR to create more docs. And then what we can do is we can use this CP dash R command to move documents into more documents. Then if we move in to the more docs command using C or directory using CD and we loop, use the is command to list everything in that directory, we see that there's a test file in that directory because it's been copied over. RN stands for remove. So, RN is sort of like delete. You basically use it to delete files that you don't want. So for example if we list out the files in my home directory, we now have all these new files that we've created. Suppose we want to remove this test file. Then I just type RM space test underscore file and it will remove that file.
So, if I list things out again you'll see that the test file is now missing.
You can use RM to remove entire directories and their contents by using the dash R flag. So, in other words you can recursively move all of the files in a directory. But you should be very careful when you do this because there is no undo so if you delete it, it's gone.
So be very careful when you're using RM dash R. So if I use in my home directory RM dash R more docs. It will delete the more docs directory and all of the files that were inside it. And so you can see, again, if I LS now after doing that, all of the more docs has
been deleted.
MV stands for move, so with MV you can move files between directories. So again, suppose I crate this new file with touch. So I created that file. And suppose I want to move it into documents, then I would type MV space the name of the file, new underscore file, and then the directory I wanted to move it to documents. And so what I would end up with if I typed ls now is that there wouldn't be a file in my main directory, but if I CD, I move to the documents directory. And I list out everything that's in there. I end up seeing that I've moved the new file into that directory.
[SOUND] You can also use MV to rename files. So if you move a file to another file with a new name it will just change the name.
So for example here if I list the files of the directory I'm in then there's two files, Test File and New File. And I want to change the name of new file. I can type MV, space, new underscore file. That's the file name I was, it was previously. And I want to create it a renamed file. So I'm moving, I'm changing the name of this file to renamed file. And then if I list out all the files that exist now, now there's test file and renamed file, which had the contents that were previously in new file. 
[SOUND] And so echo will print whatever arguments you provide. So for example, if you to echo, new, hello world!, like this, what it will do is just print out hello world! Echo is very useful for printing out the contents of particular variables that have been stored that we'll talk about later. Date will predict pre, pre, print the date. So if you type date like this you'll get the date that this actually in this case that the slides were created. 
[SOUND] So, summary of commands are PWD, which is printing the working directory. It's telling you what directory you're in. Clear, which clears the screen. LS, which lists the files in the current working directory. CD, which allows you to change working directories.
MKDIR, which creates a new directory, touch, which creates a new file, CP, which create, copies a file, RM, which removes a file or directory if you use the dash R command, or flag sorry, and MV means moving a file or renaming a file. And then date and echo are ways to look at the date or to echo out a particular command.





